# Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`class `[`APIWebsockets`](#classAPIWebsockets) | Manages websocket connections with Potree mdInfinity API.
`class `[`MainWidget`](#classMainWidget) | Implements the graphical interface of the demonstrator.

# class `APIWebsockets` {#classAPIWebsockets}

```
class APIWebsockets
  : public QObject
```  

Manages websocket connections with Potree mdInfinity API.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public  explicit `[`APIWebsockets`](#classAPIWebsockets_1a87e4a2d111fc69d28d2b3936d8750e41)`(quint16 port,`[`MainWidget`](#classMainWidget)` * container,QObject * parent)` | Construct a new [APIWebsockets](#classAPIWebsockets) object.
`public virtual  `[`~APIWebsockets`](#classAPIWebsockets_1a0d05aa8c772216e49e7fc37dc4ccfc37)`()` | Destroy the [APIWebsockets](#classAPIWebsockets) object.

## Members

#### `public  explicit `[`APIWebsockets`](#classAPIWebsockets_1a87e4a2d111fc69d28d2b3936d8750e41)`(quint16 port,`[`MainWidget`](#classMainWidget)` * container,QObject * parent)` {#classAPIWebsockets_1a87e4a2d111fc69d28d2b3936d8750e41}

Construct a new [APIWebsockets](#classAPIWebsockets) object.

Runs a websocket server to listen for Potree mdInfinityAPI

#### Parameters
* `port` port on which websocket server will run 

* `container` [MainWidget](#classMainWidget) instance containing this websocket server 

* `parent` the parent widget

#### `public virtual  `[`~APIWebsockets`](#classAPIWebsockets_1a0d05aa8c772216e49e7fc37dc4ccfc37)`()` {#classAPIWebsockets_1a0d05aa8c772216e49e7fc37dc4ccfc37}

Destroy the [APIWebsockets](#classAPIWebsockets) object.

# class `MainWidget` {#classMainWidget}

```
class MainWidget
  : public QWidget
```  

Implements the graphical interface of the demonstrator.

The main components of the graphical interface are described in this class. It inherits from QWidget and contains a button, a plain text field, and a web view.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public  explicit `[`MainWidget`](#classMainWidget_1a326fee5088b7cebaa102ed5332dd59ee)`(QWidget * parent)` | Construct a new Main Widget object.
`public  `[`~MainWidget`](#classMainWidget_1add21c63f8e799303a21a69da3d288c2f)`()` | Destroy the Main Widget object.
`public void `[`log`](#classMainWidget_1a7e6842aba4df2fd5982e90eb80a7c101)`(QString text)` | Appends log to demonstrator text field.

## Members

#### `public  explicit `[`MainWidget`](#classMainWidget_1a326fee5088b7cebaa102ed5332dd59ee)`(QWidget * parent)` {#classMainWidget_1a326fee5088b7cebaa102ed5332dd59ee}

Construct a new Main Widget object.

Initiates all the GUI elements (button, web view and text field). Defines a layout to arrange these elements. Initiate the Websocket server to listen for Potree. Connects the proper signal and slots.

#### Parameters
* `parent` parent Widget, optional

#### `public  `[`~MainWidget`](#classMainWidget_1add21c63f8e799303a21a69da3d288c2f)`()` {#classMainWidget_1add21c63f8e799303a21a69da3d288c2f}

Destroy the Main Widget object.

#### `public void `[`log`](#classMainWidget_1a7e6842aba4df2fd5982e90eb80a7c101)`(QString text)` {#classMainWidget_1a7e6842aba4df2fd5982e90eb80a7c101}

Appends log to demonstrator text field.

Provided string is appended to demonstrator text field.

#### Parameters
* `text` text data to log

Generated by [Moxygen](https://sourcey.com/moxygen)